Human vs Human Demo (#4)
sethpthomas91/TTT-ruby: README.md

This program uses rspec for its tests. To run the spec file use "rspec" while in the program's directory to run the tests.

For automatic testing you can use obervr by opening a split terminal, ensure that you are in the top level directory, and run "observr ./spec/test.watchr". This will automatically run your tests in that termainal any time files with the ".rb" extension are run.

## Running the game

> To play the game, ensure that you have everything installed correctly then run ruby runner.rb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the project root run `ruby runner.rb`
```

Reviewer: Should also add 
```
## Setup
1. Clone repo.
2. `cd TTT-ruby`
3. `bundle install`
```
and 

```
## Running the test
- `bundle exec rspec`
```
